# AppqosClient

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 13.3.6.

# Installation

## App QoS Client is available at GitHub

[https://github.com/intel/intel-cmt-cat.git](https://github.com/intel/intel-cmt-cat.git)

## Dependencies

```
Node: 16.15.0 (node -v)
Package Manager: npm 8.12.1 (npm -v)
```

## Configure mTLS Client Authentication in the Browser (Non-production)

_NOTE:_ For production deployment, certificates should be signed by a valid certificate authority.

### Step 1

- #### Create PKCS 12 certificate

The appqos/ca/ directory contains certificates generated by `gen_test_certs.sh` script. To generate `client_appqos.p12` certificate use this command:

```
openssl pkcs12 -export -clcerts -in client_appqos.crt -inkey client_appqos.key -out client_appqos.p12
```

This script will create: `client_appqos.p12`

### Step 2

- #### Copy to local machine
  To copy `client_appqos.p12` certificate to the local machine use this command:

```
scp -r username@server:<file path>/client_appqos.p12 <path where you want store it>
```

### Step 3

- #### Import `client_appqos.p12` certificate to the Browser

1. Open Google Chrome, click the **Customize and control Google Chrome** menu > go to **Settings** > at the left margin, click **Privacy and security** > click **Security**.
2. Under **Advanced**, click **Manage certificates**.
3. Click **Personal** > click **Import**.
4. The Certificate Import Wizard starts. Click **Next**.
5. Click **Browse** to navigate to the location where your certificate file is stored. If you don’t remember the location of the certificate, search for files with the extension .p12.
6. Select the file that you want to import (make sure to choose the option **Personal Information Exchange** (\*.p12) or **All Files** to see those with the file extension .p12) > click **Open**.
7. Click **Next**.
8. Enter the password which was given while generating `client_appqos.p12`. Click **Next**.
9. Click **Finish**.
10. Click **OK**.

## Install and run App

```
$ cd appqos_client
$ npm install
```

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

```
** Angular Live Development Server is listening on localhost:4200, open your browser on http://localhost:4200/ **


√ Compiled successfully.
```

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running unit tests with headless browser (no GUI)

Run `npm run test-headless` to execute the unit tests. Requires Chrome 59+.

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
